Sit boldly in Liang Huichang's position
This is not the seat where the disaster victims in Sea City should sit
Seven days I know you are afraid that I will be wronged
So deflect their attack on me
But this is Yang Youwei's turf
I'm afraid he will treat you badly if you offend him.
Come down quickly
You have to be nice to him
Hmph, it turned out to be a pig's nose with green onions in it
You're down late now.
Dare to disrespect President Liang
I can't come to save you
What are you doing?
Let's do Qi Tian together
Qi Tian, my lady is kind enough to help you
You not only don't appreciate it
Also deliberately causing trouble for him
What do you want to do?
It's okay, I thought I wouldn't come today
I believe you.
Miss, how can you keep up?
Don't stand either
Go find a stool
Two minutes.